when people do a Google search they're
not doing a search for a solution to
their problem and if you want to figure
out what problems people are searching
for do two things
it's it's an inspiration and in many
ways obviously because on the business
side you're doing beautiful but the way
you're acting man is just amazing you're
so humble in many ways you know uh
what where these beautifulness comes
from where these energies come from
well I don't know if I'm that humble
um but in general for my parents you
know they taught me when things are
going well there's always other people
who have it better than you and when
things are going very terrible there's
always other people who are struggling
and have it worse than you that's
helping stay grounded and keep in mind I
didn't grow I'm not saying I have money
right now but I grew up with very little
money so you know when you live a large
portion of your life not having a ton
you appreciate it and you're thankful
for the people who help you get there uh
and I believe that anyone could be
successful anyone can do well it's just
a question of do they want to put in the
time and effort and take the time to
learn and keep executing and just keep
trying and being persistent
um you were raised in the UK if it's not
correct and then you moved to the other
way yeah born in UK and then I grew up
mainly in Orange County California
wonderful and then we some of some of
our obviously a lot of people here knows
you but just for to remain at 16 you did
your first business which was successful
okay you know so the first one was a job
board that one didn't do well but my
second one my first real one whatever
you want to end up calling it was an ad
agency and yeah that did well and then
by 21 you were making 20K a month
correct
uh something like that I said but then
you lost it all yeah so when I was 16 or
15 I was making around 20 000 a month
uh by the time I was 21 I was making
not bad for being a 15 years old guy
making 10 or 20K a month and as noises
great um
and then I was making in the millions
and the point I'm trying to improve is
not to say I made good money or anything
like that because as you mentioned I
lost it all by the time I was 21. and I
learned a very valuable lesson in life
you know one I thought I was on cloud
nine I was invincible that wasn't true
at all but two I learned it very
important in life and this is the second
thing
you need to focus on what you're good at
I started
diversifying doing too many things I
didn't understand I didn't have good
laser focus and that's when I lost all
my money plus more and I was at that
time around a million dollars in debt
how did you get out from it a million
and that was just right off and say I'm
going somewhere as far away or you just
can you come out no it was dead so I had
to pay it off it doesn't matter what I
did next I still had to pay it off wow
well what year did you pay it off if I
can ask uh same year it took one year
okay not too bad not too bad
so I focus on what I knew
and by focusing on what I knew I was
able to
pay it off I focus on marketing and my
Ad Agency when I had that laser focus
again unless I would change things a lot
was it basically well number one is
building your brand which you always say
is building the brand is is what making
a future it's much stronger but is it
focusing on your own products that you
grow a business or
giving consultancy for other companies
what do you think is more important for
you at the moment that help you on for
you now
uh doing consulting help the most
because I was good at it or I think I
was good at it
um I still think I'm decent at it and
just providing other companies more
traffic and revenue was creating quick
income
for us um and how is for us it's a
problem now because finally this is a a
little tool to find emails but also in
that moment some a lot of companies come
to us like Jerry can you do growth
agency I'm sure many tours like ours has
the same problem what would we what
would you recommend for these companies
and people
yeah so what I would do if I were to you
guys as I would focus on what you guys
are the best at right you guys help with
B2B lead generation if anyone wants
anything else you would want to partner
with other people who can help them out
uh and then that can help you take in
extra Revenue without
uh
uh without actually doing the work so if
you partner with people here's what I
mean by that for example my ad agency
partners with a few others they drive us
leads and customers and we drive them
customers so they can make more money
and we can make more money and it's a
win-win for the customer because then we
specialize in what we're good at and let
everyone else focus on everything else
oh that's actually a good idea it's like
what you do with I guess with Eric with
the growth everywhere agencies and I
guess it's a partnership that you talk
about some other guys who just do the
growth hacking and then we just do to
bring everyone to them
exactly
tell me um audio how important is the
audio how important is the YouTube for
the future man because everyone is
focusing about SEO and content and
writing tell me because I think this is
coming up big news for that
it is
very important not enough people are
focusing on it but I agree with you it's
it's easy audio I think it is the future
one block for every seven people and no
one has really think about how do we get
voice ready how do you get your voice
ready I mean what's the tools do you
have any tools in mind that it's like
okay Jerry you really need to use these
guys or whatever
uh there is no specific way other than
think about when people do a Google
search they're not doing a search
they're looking for a solution to their
problem
if you can answer those problems in a
sentence or two you're more likely to
show up for a voice search so that's a
fundamental thesis
and if you want to figure out what
problems people are searching for do two
things one go look at your Google search
console it'll show you where you're
getting all the traffic from
two go look at quora quora has a lot of
popular questions and if you can answer
them you'll get more voice traffic I
love quora and one of the things is like
if it's saying core I just take it and
bring it to LinkedIn or bring it to
Facebook or wherever then and I think
what you've been doing lately which has
been amazing same videos same background
three tips or five tips
how long does it take you to prepare uh
do you film like five or six in one day
and then I filmed 15 in two hours you do
15 of those three minutes videos in 15
now uh two hours okay do you have the
average four to six minutes I'm able to
do 15 two hours no rehearsing I just go
and I talk
wonderful one take
okay one thing okay I tried to do a few
videos one day it takes me man how much
practice have you been doing
okay
I I'm kind of cheating because I've done
this I've spoke at so many conferences
I've been doing this for like 17 plus
years now maybe going on 18 it's not too
hard right
how important is is people behind the
scenes in your case the feeling very
important without them it wouldn't
happen Pasquale my video guy without him
but it's the team without the team I
wouldn't be where I am and people forget
that you know me Neil there's nothing
magic about me
what makes my content good what makes me
good is the team I'm nothing without
them oh man I love what you're saying
because I am one 0.1 of what you're
doing and the team is just so supportive
I mean you're helping with this uh
Kristen will help me with the oh man for
me it's so important and sometimes like
just I am like the racing guys but they
put away as they put the road they make
sure everything uh Neil one my designer
it's a it's a little funny thing we're
going to be sending to the office or to
where hopefully you can have it okay
that's a Mona Lisa especially for you
with the heart and the Heart from find
the lead okay which everything is it's a
proper picture we'll send it to you it's
a little gift from Barcelona with love I
love it thank you and and being creative
I remember with uh one of the podcasts
that you did with Eric is about uh and
it's a book I'm talking about giving
gifts to your customers and to your
users tell me if you have any experience
with this and if you have any
recommendations for the people who's
listening to us
yeah uh you know showing appreciation to
your customers is a great way to help
with retention uh and I learned this
from conversion Excel it's a company
based in the UK and when I sign on with
a client they sent me a gift bag with
tea and cookies and everything so that
way during our kickoff call we could all
e and and
um
you know start the kickoff right